Start of the twentieth edition at the Nürburgring twice around the clock
will be 180 vehicles and just under 600 drivers
or just fight for the arrive
Let's dare a little sport in our statistics
11 manufacturers from four nations are represented in the Eifel
is driven in five rating classes this hung a total of 17 classes
divided
in the hit list of makes for BMW with 35 classes 7 4 4 b and fort 32 and that
on 20 of every weather condition, the best vehicles 24 hours Zacher 3400
The record comes from the year 1990 driven by Giger like
Glock and Schwegler with 3600 25 kilometers in the 143 and
1 behind it ranks the BMW i3 25 by Udo Schneider Prince Poldi of Bavaria
and Franz Engstler
the last group a few meters to the start
here too, as in the other two groups, the Denic sits down
fastest car in front SAS is the Honda Civic Vitek from Rosberg showed and
create
Incidentally, Peter Seitel is the most successful pilot together with Jürgen Hübner
Fun tire marathons the two could so far 8 class victories for themselves
record 24-hour races
There is only one equal to a horny
during the traditional at a lawsuit the driver especially at night
24 hours more time for me the greatest fascination of the child
24-hour race is for me the biggest such chaotic immediately
again
because after years of experience I did not put together for age »
and we certainly have the most experience at the start anyway
Advantage over other teams or
Imagine now the more the Olympic Thought Euro amount was
As far as he could get there that was important but otherwise
Olympic thought to have fun
Car parts food and income pretty important
Werthmann must and wants to become a marathon
Of course today we are of course just asking the question would have its bitter
History but the Gelderner is good because others otherwise understated
Per cent my friend Karl Zeller just said fun with the thing and lives with it
Uncertain the atmosphere or you stay home I think you have to go for the job
We are doing very well here
but you should be healthy
just how powerful is the band when I join them in the round
looked
I can only count on the worst and they are not exactly sure
the holiday village make a good impression in the double sense of the word but always
a few cameras in the car percent off and I think we'll see you after 24
Hours again Sorin the circle
Manz munteres but still prefer to tell about these topics
Franz Engstler dtm-pilot are namely problems on the curbs
August once across the track
This leads to a beautiful only had
Already in training Poldi had a good start for us
Finance had its hands full and that groups for the the
Recover title on Saturday morning
Poldi and Engstler both at sorry it brake systems from the German
touring car championship desired
big problems when I look at an offshoot this August
deep
I love you
So still lies in the lead of the Opel Omega distribution center Schmidt
But the weather situation does not change and you're up as a scammer
profiled rain tires approached
no chance the omega has on the profileless slicks each takes over
guide
he can drive much faster
three years in a row so from 1989 to 1991
by the way, the BMW vehicles at the 24-hour race on the Nürburgring
89 was the Swiss Team 90 then in the troop and last year against a
Piece of Serbia